you do have a very simple task didn't
remember anyone who could kill here's to
know that what are you talking about who
has to know what it's no he came to see
me he's worried about him in the
districts he thinks that they don't
believe I love steel cans you should've
told me that before I went out there and
tried to give these people the money so
hurry I didn't know what to do
Dennis what you think III please just
help me get through this trip
Cleve just help us get through this trip
gonna wake up this trip doesn't end when
you get back home you never get off this
train you two are mentors now from now
on your job is to be a distraction so
people forget what the real problems are
[Music]